hey guys its data from how to in here
and today we are taking a quick look at
the lump singh ultra-thin backlit
keyboard so let's get this video started
you
alright guys so as we can see in the box
this is the old too thin aluminum alloy
keyboard and mine personally has the
blue backlit which I will show you guys
later in this video but you guys can get
options with green red and a bunch of
other colors alright so now that we've
taken a look at the front and back of
the box how about we take a look inside
alright so we open up the box you have
to remove first two stickers that I did
not notice but when you do you get first
in front the keyboard and the keyboard
looks very good so it's very well
protected behind the little plastic and
when you remove the rest of the items
from the box you get just the charging
cable which is USB and comes with no
wall adapter so it's basically just USB
to microUSB alright so if we look at the
back of the keyboard we see that inside
the plastic there's some items we should
take a look at so first you get some
information from lump sink it includes a
manual and the business card in case you
want to contact them or their customer
service and another thing that you get
in the box is this plastic thing to put
on the bottom corners of the keyboard
which is useful if you do not want to
get any scratches on the keyboard and
you don't want it laying on any surface
or whatever so I toss those in size
because I wasn't going to be using them
now let's take a look at this keyboard
so I decided to test out this keyboard
on my Nexus 5 and I was pleasantly
surprised by how easy it was to set up I
had it running and basically a minute or
two it literally took no time at all I
turned it on set it up fill my lips done
typing on the keyboard however it did
take some getting used to I had to do it
for a couple of tries simply because
it's smaller than the keyboards I'm used
to using like the one on my computer so
then I decided to start testing the
backlight on the keyboard and even
though it is not very bright is enough
to see and then I realized that the
keyboard also has other cool features
such as brightness control and volume
playback another thing you can do is use
a home button and a walk by it this is
standard stuff that one would expect
from a desktop keyboard and it was nice
to see them being implemented on a phone
or on a tablet other than that the
keyboard really worked as you expected
the cursors work and everything was fine
on my Android device so now it was time
to test it out on iOS so I just as
easily was able to set up the keyboard
on the iPad it was really very simple I
click the search button I found it and
typed it in one small thing on the
keyboard click enter and I was ready to
go so everything on the iPad work just
as well as on Android and nothing was
really missing however I did notice that
if you have a keyboard lock enabled such
as like a pin code or anything else the
lock button will not turn the device
back off and that is kind of an issue
however it wasn't a very big one other
than that everything worked just as
you'd expect it the volume the music
playback everything was just fine and my
overall experience the keyboard was
unchanged it was very nice and handy are
they used in the on-screen keyboard
available on other devices alright guys
so don't forget to give this video a
thumbs up and if you guys would like to
support our channel please use our
amazon links available in the
description the by-products it'll cost
you nothing guys however it helps us out
a lot thanks a lot until the next time
guys subscribe follow us on facebook
twitter and instagram and into the next
video cut pow